Updates mesher installation instructions (#228)
AxiSEMunity/AxiSEM3D: doc/sphinx/source/installation/mesher.md

# The Mesher

> The mesher is now part of the AxiSEMunity and automatically installs in the conda env.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mesher [SalvusMesh Lite](https://github.com/AxiSEMunity/salvus_mesh_lite) is now part of the AxiSEMunity organization and is automatically installed in the conda environment.
```

> To install the package separately see the repository [salvus_mesh_lite](https://github.com/AxiSEMunity/salvus_mesh_lite)

Reviewer: The package can also be installed separately using
```
pip install git+https://github.com/AxiSEMunity/salvus_mesh_lite.git
```
if necessary.

The mesher is now part of the AxiSEMunity and automatically installs in the conda env.

```bash
pip install https://gitlab.com/Salvus/SalvusMeshLite/-/archive/master/SalvusMeshLite-master.zip
```
To install the package separately see the repository [salvus_mesh_lite](https://github.com/AxiSEMunity/salvus_mesh_lite)

Verify the installation:

```bash
python -m salvus_mesh_lite.interface -h

> ```

Reviewer: Can you leave this in? This might be useful.

Author: My thought is the canonical verson should always be in the salvus_mesh_lite repo. That way we are not maitaining instructions in 2 places.

Reviewer: Fine. Then maybe "For other ways to install, please see [url]"

Author: Can you suggest the change? I will then accept and this will be ready to merge.

Reviewer: Actually, this command just runs the mesher and shows the help message to check that it is installed. I think this is fine to have in the manual. The manual install using pip (above) you can remove if you want.

Author: I am good with the way things are.

> This copy is maintained separately from the Salvus family of packages. For more information see 

Reviewer: I agree.
